Getting Kubernetes up and running locally is actually
a fairly straightforward process, and there's multiple options you can choose.
One option is called minikube.
Now this does require some setup work,
and you'd need to run off to the GitHub site shown here and
follow those directions to get it up and running.
Now the other option is what I'm going to be demonstrating,
and that is Docker Desktop, formerly called Docker Community Edition.
Now Docker Desktop has Kubernetes support built in out of the box.
So it's going to be as simple as checking a checkbox,
which I'll show you in a moment,
and you can have Kubernetes up and running on your machine.
Either of these options would work,
and if you have the luxury of being able to run Docker Desktop,
that'll certainly be the easiest one.
But minikube might option if you need to go that route.
So now that we've talked about that,
let me jump over to the Mac side and then the Windows side,
and I'll show you how easy it is to enable Kubernetes support in Docker Desktop.
So on Mac, you can come up to the Docker whale icon,
and you'll see that I already have Docker Desktop and Kubernetes running.
But if I go to Preferences, this is where you can enable it.
So along the top tabs, you'll see Kubernetes.
And all you need to do is come on in and check the checkbox,
Enable Kubernetes, and then hit the Apply button.
Now I'm also going to show that there are some options available if you
want to just use a Docker Compose file with Kubernetes.
And to simplify that, you can check this checkbox,
and I'll talk more about that in an upcoming section of this module.
Now on the Windows side, we can come down into the tray,
find our Docker icon, and then right‑click and go to Settings.
Now just like on the Mac, you're going to have a Kubernetes option.
You'll notice it's definitely a different arrangement, but we can click on that.
And the same thing goes here.
We can check Enable Kubernetes and then hit Apply.
And then, if you'd like to use Docker Compose files to run Kubernetes as well,
then to enable that option, check the checkbox here and hit Apply.
Once you enable Kubernetes,
it does take a little bit of time for it to fire up the first time,
but then you can just leave it up as you're doing your development.
And now what we're going to do is talk about different options for getting from Docker Compose into Kubernetes.